In the last section, I'd mentioned that I'd cleared out all the stopped containers on my machine,
so I thought you might be curious on how I did that.
If I run Docker, dash, dash.
All right.
Now I can see that I currently have two stopped containers.
So these containers right now are essentially just taking up disk space on my computer.
And so it might be to my advantage to try to entirely delete them and not just leave them in this stop
state to delete all these containers I can run Docker system.
Prune.
Well, then we presented with a warning here.
So just to be clear, this is not only going to delete stopped containers, it's also going to delete
a couple of either items as well.
Most notably your build cache.
The build cache is any image that you have fetch from Docker Hub.
So after running Docker Prune, you will have to redownload images from Docker Hub, which is not a
really big deal.
Just be aware that you're going to have to wait a couple of minutes the next time you start up a container.
Not really a couple of minutes, but a couple of seconds, really.
So we can enter in.
Yes, hit enter.
And then it will tell us about the deleted containers and it'll tell me also how much space has been
reclaimed by deleting those resources.
If I then do another Docker dash all, I'll see that I do not have any stopped containers whatsoever.
I really recommend you keep the Docker system prune command in mind because any time that you're kind
of done working with Docker for a period of weeks or months, or if you decide you just don't want to
work with Docker again at all, you will want to run this command to delete any containers that are
still just kind of sitting around eating up disk space.
All right.
Let's take another quick break and we'll continue in the next section.